can I get a couple of blueberry muffins
to go Viper's huh yep
so I guess Rachel had your baby nope I
can't even believe she slept with you in
the first place huh oh oh you you mean
like huh hey Ross I know you're pissed
at me but we have to talk about this uh
actually we don't fine okay
fine but I gotta say technically I
didn't even do anything wrong
what you you didn't do anything wrong I
said I didn't technically let's put
aside the fact that you accidentally
picked up my grandmother's ring and you
accidentally proposed to Rachel can I
just stop you right there for a second
when people do this I don't really know
what that means
you sang and I can even understand that
you couldn't tell Rachel but why
couldn't you tell me huh you had all day
- and you didn't I know I should have
I'm sorry
not using it right Joe I'm gonna go oh
look we have to get past this give me
the bank no I don't know what else to do
I said I'm sorry
you owe me now you should scream at me
or curse me or hit me I'm gonna hit you
why not
you'll feel better I'll feel better and
you know you want to I can see it in
your eyes
no I don't a little bit no a little bit
no a little bit more give me the bat me
so if give me the bat hit me Joe I'm not
kidding me
no hit me hit me hit me hit me
I'm sorry here it was a reflex
oh my god this really hurt I couldn't
help it or when a fist comes at your
face you don't look you were supposed to
dog why didn't you die what don't we
talk about this on the way to the
hospital good good yeah maybe while
we're there they can check your reflexes
you know I've been thinking about this
and I got a tire it's not my fault it's
a natural instinct are you guys talking
about
hey okay what would you do if I did this
you